hi guys i'm going to do a review and I'm
sorry I kind of washed out but I have
the windows over here and but I'm going
to do a review on a foundation and this
is the l'oreal metamorphose soufflé
foundation it looks like that and as far
as i know you can only get this in
Europe but I know yes I have something
similar so this is like European product
I guess I don't really know how why they
have different products but I know like
Max Factor was kind of thrown out of the
u.s. because they didn't sell enough and
stuff ok so this is the foundation it
char looks like that it has a very
bright pink top and it just says L'Oreal
on the side and then the product is in
this square blessed thing and it comes
with this thing put on it so the
foundation doesn't dry out and you can
see I've used to stippling brush in this
I used to Alps to bring a stippling
brush and the shade i have is number 110
ivory rose so this has a kind of pinkish
undertone just going to yeah you can see
that so you can see that and i'm going
to you can see that's a lot little bit
darker and it looks kind of yeah so just
going to blend it out
and you can see that it blends in my
skin very nicely it doesn't have the
best coverage in the world but I don't
need that um I have a little bit of like
acne or something like here um and
that's pretty much it and I have a
little thing here whatever that is but I
just use a concealer of that and I love
this foundation because it's very
lightweight it has like light to medium
coverage depending how you apply it my
opening is kind of small so I was
actually I used this is the elf studio
powder brush which looks like this this
is kind of a new so it's kind of
deformed but um I use this with this one
it's the Max Factor miracle touch and
you can see that the opening is very
different ok so this is what is much
bigger but it's also much smaller in
size so I was planning to use it like
that just because I've been one trying
to use that because I originally used
the stippling brush with this one tail
and I wanted to try this one because
I've heard oh it applies liquid
foundation so nicely so I wanted to try
for career foundation but as you can see
it doesn't fit inside it's way too big
so I used my stippling called stippling
brush into work very nice so I really
like this foundation I'm not wearing it
now I was kind of planning to but and so
I tried the elf tinted moisturizer SPF
thing means that so this says to give a
12-hour luminous matte finish and pour
some wrinkles look smoother and I like
this about this because it doesn't claim
to make your pores smaller it just makes
them look smoother and it really does it
really likes fills in some pores and
stuff and the consistency is very like I
don't even know how to describe it and
this doesn't how like any
descriptions on it or something I know
in the US everything comes with a box or
something around it but here it just
comes like this there's no like
packaging and which is actually kind of
a good thing but you don't really know
if someone's been in your private before
so that kind of sucks um I really like
this foundation know this is the
lightest shade and it's not like that
dark as you can see on my arm but it
blends in very nicely and when I applied
with my finger I get a very heavy
coverage and I don't want that and I
don't like it on my face so I like it
apply it with a brush but if you can get
your hands on this and even if you get a
sent to you in the US or something I
really just try this but it is a little
bit smaller than a regular foundation
because regulation is an ounce or 30
milliliters and this is 20 milliliters
so it's like point six ounces or
something probably sliced a little bit
smaller but do you use only clean the
kind of it because I have nearly not
used anything of this and so last long
while so yeah thanks for watching guys
bye guys